# Autobike project

This repository contains the code that is being used within the Autobike project on Chalmers.

For the report written in connection to this project, contact the author: aleixricou@gmail.com

Below is a list of the files and folders within the repository.

* ### `labview`

Contains the LabVIEW code that controls the bike. The main file in this project is the one called `MainTest.vi`.

* ### `c`

This folder contains all the C code implemented inside the LabVIEW code.

* ### `CADs_Autobike`

This folder contains all the 3D design drawings of the red bike's box and its hardware components. It also contains the .stl files to 3D print the required parts. 

* ### `MATLAB_code`

Contains `plot_data.m`, a MATLAB script for plotting TDMS files generated by the LabVIEW program.

* ### `Motor_config_files`

Contains the necessary files to update the FSESC motor driver for each motor used in the project.

* ### `RUT955_code`

Contains the code used to get RTK to the GNSS module of the red bike. It also contains the bash code that automatizes the execution of the C-code.
	
* ### `Ni Linux Real-time Template`

A template that can be used as a base for creating `.so` files for the MyRIO. The `.vscode` folder is specific to Visual Studio Code and enables compilation and linking without the use of a terminal.

* ### `Python_backup_20220402`

Snapshot of the python code that is used to control the black bike. Some parts of this code have been translated into C, and can be found in various other folders. The majority of the code is not relevant for the red bike, however, since it has the same functionality as the LabVIEW code.
